{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh11200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Problem #1\
\
1. You need to get the three passengers to the other side of the river using a boat without any of them consuming one another. An immediate insight I can offer is you will need to be transporting both to and from the other side of the river this is not a one-way trip boat ride. The overall goal is to have all three of the passengers on the opposite side of the river that they are on now.\
2. The constraints are that the passengers consume one another. The sub-goals are to make sure the passengers do not consume one another.\
3.  To solve the sub-problems you well need to keep the passengers segregated from one another and not left alone so that they can feast on each other. The solution is that you must bring back and forth the passengers in a sequence so that they are not left alone with the consumable passenger.\
4. The solution will meet the goal upon completion yes. The solution will work for all cases as long as the sequence is done correctly. If done incorrectly the passengers will consume one another.\
5. This is the sequence that must be done in order for the safety of all passengers to be upheld.\
Parrot over
\f1 \

\f0 none back
\f1 \

\f0 seed over
\f1 \

\f0 parrot  back\
cat over
\f1 \

\f0 none back
\f1 \

\f0 parrot over
\f1 \
\
\

\f0 Problem #2\
\
1. The problem is that you are trying to make pairs of socks in the dark so you must make a selection of socks and then you will be able to see what color they are and make combinations. Some insight is that you should not focus on the fact that they are socks they could be numbers or simply colors that is not important. The overall goal is to figure out the mathmatical question of matching with the set variables.\
2. The constraint is that you cannot look at the socks while in the dark and you must choose prior to being able to see the color. In addition to that is the fast that there are three colors. The sub-goals are that you need to find the pairs in the least amount of tries but also insure that you will get pairs.\
3. The solution is that you must grab enough sucks to insure that you get the needed pairs.\
4. If the solution is carried out properly then it will be insured that you will receive pairs. Each case will have a different solution. This is a mathematical problem so it will intern have a mathematical  answer.\
\
}